MAMBA/DECRYPTMeSSAGE

Your HDD Encrypted By AES 2048Bit

send 1BTC Per HOST to My Bitcoin Wallet , then we give you Decryption key For Your Server HDD!!

My Bitcoin Wallet Address : (removed)

We Only Accept Bitcoin , itâ€™s So easy!

you can use Brokers to exchange your money to BTC ASAP

it's Fast way!

Here:

https://localbitcoins.com/

if You Don't Have a Account in Bitcoin , Read it First :

https://bitcoin.org/en/getting-started

bitcoin Market :

https://blockchain.info/

https://www.okcoin.com/

https://www.coinbase.com/

https://bitcoinwallet.com/

-----------

Here are our standard payment instructions.

Our bitcoin wallet address is (removed)
$700 is approx. 1.0520 BTC according to current exchange rate.

In case you have no prior experience with Bitcoin (and can't find
someone who has - which is the best option) here's a summary on
different ways to buy bitcoin:
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Buying_Bitcoins_%28the_newbie_version%29

For example, you can buy bitcoins on coinbase.com (using your bank
account), localbitcoins.com (multiple payment methods, depending on
vendor), bitquick.co (cash deposit in local bank, seems to work pretty
fast but we have no personal experience with them) or virwox.com (they
accept cards and paypal, and on virwox.info you can find a tutorial on
buying bitcoins there).

Please note that for security reasons some websites will delay payment
for up to 48 hours (that's true for purchasing on virwox with paypal) so
please pay attention to terms of service. We won't be able to confirm
your transaction and send you the password during that delay period.

In our experience your best chance to make the transfer quickly is
to find an online seller with good reviews on localbitcoins.com. If you
use cash deposit to pay that seller your transaction should only take a
few hours. Also vendors can be really helpful on that website.

Alternatively you can look up bitcoin ATMs in your area - their fee is
usually a bit higher but that's one of the fastest ways to buy bitcoins.

For amounts up to $300 you can use circle.com - it allows to send money
from credit and debit cards almost instantly. You can also break up
bigger amounts and make several payments from different accounts if you
find it convenient.

After you purchase $700 worth of bitcoins you can just send them to our
bitcoin wallet directly from the website you've chosen - this way you
won't have to install bitcoin software, manage your own wallet etc. If
you find it difficult to transfer the indicated amount in a single
transaction you can break up the sum and make several transactions to
the same bitcoin address (possibly using different methods of purchasing
bitcoins).

After that we'll send you the password that'll let you boot Windows and
further instruction on permanently decrypting hard drives. We'll also
tell how we got in so you can fix it and prevent future incidents.
